This project contains an application for Airgead Banking which calculates a savings account asking for an initial investment amount, a monthly deposit, an annual interest rate, and the number of years contributed to show the account's balance and interest earned with and without monthly deposits. 

I believe I did particularly well in the object-oriented programming design of this project. I was able to create secure and efficient code in C++ showcasing what I have learned. I believe I could enhance my code in the area of validating user input. In the program, it is expected that numbers are entered and nothing else. If I were to enter letters or symbols, it would simply break the program. In improving validating user input, it would prevent the program from crashing and giving unexpected results to the user. I believe the most challenging piece of code to write was the savings.cpp file. I had to create a blueprint and provide functionality through object-oriented programming to ensure my program gave expected results with and without additional monthly deposits being added to the account's balance and interest earned.

Skills I have learned from this project that will be transferable to other projects or course work would be the concept of object-oriented programming. In modern applications today, object-oriented programming is a huge factor in whether a program is considered secure and efficient. It is important to be able to break down an application into objects which allows for readability and efficiency. I made this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable by breaking my entire application into three code files. The main file main.cpp handles the main method which provides the main menu and user input. The file savings.cpp handles the object-oriented design of the application by giving functionality to the two methods which reports balance and interest earned. The saving.h file provides the blueprint to a Savings object which is given functionality in the savings.cpp class.
